I want you to implement filters.

There are two main types of filters, a high pass and low pass. 
Low pass filters filter out the high frequencies (letting the low frequencies “pass”) and vice versa. 

Low pass filters make it sound more muffled, and high pass filters make it sound more squeaky and thin.

There are two controls, the CUTOFF and RESONANCE. 

Cutoff: the frequency at which the filter starts to be applied. For example, 
if I had a low pass filter and the cutoff was 100Hz, the sound would be very 
muffled, since the filter started to be applied at a very low frequency. 
The sound would be more clear if the cutoff was 2000Hz. (Human hearing 
range is about 20-20,000Hz);

Resonance: Essentially how “sharp” the filter is, like how harshly the frequencies 
are cut off. If we just got rid of every frequency above the cutoff, it would sound 
very strange and cause issues. Instead we gradually slope off the frequencies above 
the cutoff (or below if it’s a high pass filter). 

Audio is stored as an array of int16_ts. Each int16_t is the amplitude of the    
noise at the time. 48000 of these are played per second (48000Hz is the “Sample rate”, 
actually it might be 44100 I can’t remember). 
All I want you to do is create two functions, each which take in an audio “buffer” 
(a chunk of audio, an array of int16_ts), a buffer length, a cutoff and resonance, 
and return a buffer which is the same audio with the filter applied. 

I will use function pointers. Working in a new file called filters.c/.h, create two 
functions, void high_pass_filter(int16_t *buffer, int bufferlen, int cutoff, double 
resonance) and low_pass_filter similarly. I will do all the linking up to make it work
 with the app. 

If you want to test what you are doing, call your function on the buffer inside 
test/test_sound. Duplicate this file, and call low_pass_filter(buffer, 
additional_amount, cutoff, resonance) for example. Do this before 
SDL_PutAudioStreamData in synth_callback. 

Also tell me if you think we should do something completely differently and i've got something
wrong.

Let me know if you have any questions!